dirk_y

medium

# Oracle going offline or token price falling to 0 will cause liquidations to fail

## Summary
In extreme cases oracles can be taken offline or token prices can fall to zero. If this were to occur then liquidations of relevant tokens would revert. Supporting liquidations during times of market turbulence can be imperative to maintaining protocol solvency.

## Vulnerability Detail
Chainlink has previously take oracles offline during market turbulence, for instance during during the UST collapse. This demonstrated the fact that Chainlink multisigs have the ability to immediately block access to price feeds at will.

In the `getPrice` and `getOriginalPrice` methods in the D3Oracle there is the following code:

```solidity
        AggregatorV3Interface priceFeed = AggregatorV3Interface(priceSources[token].oracle);
        (uint80 roundID, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt, uint80 answeredInRound) = priceFeed.latestRoundData();
        require(price > 0, "Chainlink: Incorrect Price");
```

They key points to note here are that there is no mechanism to handle failures from the `latestRoundData` external call and also a price of 0 results in a revert.

## Impact
If calls to a Chainlink oracle start failing or the price of a token drops to 0, then liquidations would fail and a user's collateral value may fall below their debt value. This would remove the incentive for others users to liquidate (once able) and push the protocol into insolvency.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/periphery/D3Oracle.sol#L48-L55
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultLiquidation.sol#L46-L47

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
You should handle calls to Chainlink in a try/catch block or similar. Effectively, there should be some kind of fallback mechanism to ensure that the protocol continues to operate if calls to Chainlink are failing. This can include having a fallback oracle.