Avci

medium

# getPrice() function doesn't check If Arbitrum sequencer is down in Chainlink feeds.

## Summary
getPrice() function doesn't check If Arbitrum sequencer is down in Chainlink feeds.

## Vulnerability Detail
When utilizing Chainlink in L2 chains like Arbitrum, it's important to ensure that the prices provided are not falsely perceived as fresh, even when the sequencer is down.

If the sequencer is down, messages cannot be transmitted from L1 to L2 and no L2 transactions are executed. Instead, messages are enqueued in the CanonicalTransactionChain on L1

On the L1 network:

1.A network of node operators runs the external adapter to post the latest sequencer status to the AggregatorProxy contract and relays the status to the Aggregator contract. The Aggregator contract calls the validate function in the OptimismValidator contract.

2.The OptimismValidator contract calls the sendMessage function in the L1CrossDomainMessenger contract. This message contains instructions to call the updateStatus(bool status, uint64 timestamp) function in the sequencer uptime feed deployed on the L2 network.

3.The L1CrossDomainMessenger contract calls the enqueue function to enqueue a new message to the CanonicalTransactionChain.

4.The Sequencer processes the transaction enqueued in the CanonicalTransactionChain contract to send it to the L2 contract.

On the L2 network:

1.The Sequencer posts the message to the L2CrossDomainMessenger contract.

2.The L2CrossDomainMessenger contract relays the message to the OptimismSequencerUptimeFeed contract.

3.The message relayed by the L2CrossDomainMessenger contains instructions to call updateStatus in the OptimismSequencerUptimeFeed contract.

4.Consumers can then read from the AggregatorProxy contract, which fetches the latest round data from the OptimismSequencerUptimeFeed contract.

References:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-bond-judging/issues/1


https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/l2-sequencer-feeds#example-code


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-sentiment-judging/issues/3


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-sentiment-judging/issues/16
## Impact
could potentially be exploited by an attacker to gain an unfair advantage.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function getPrice(address token) public view override returns (uint256) {
        require(priceSources[token].isWhitelisted, "INVALID_TOKEN");
        AggregatorV3Interface priceFeed = AggregatorV3Interface(priceSources[token].oracle);
        (uint80 roundID, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt, uint80 answeredInRound) = priceFeed.latestRoundData();
        require(price > 0, "Chainlink: Incorrect Price");
        require(block.timestamp - updatedAt < priceSources[token].heartBeat, "Chainlink: Stale Price");
        require(answeredInRound >= roundID, "Chainlink: Stale Price");
        return uint256(price) * 10 ** (36 - priceSources[token].priceDecimal - priceSources[token].tokenDecimal);
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo-0xdanial/blob/ff8622701062a9605f7eaed572bb5199251a1b09/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/periphery/D3Oracle.sol#L48-L56
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
code example of Chainlink:
https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/l2-sequencer-feeds#example-code