0xkaden

high

# Attackers can sandwich new borrows by frontrunning with a deposit and backrunning with a withdrawal, taking all profits that users expect to receive

## Summary
The token <> dToken exchange rate increases as the total amount borrowed increases. This is how users earn interest on their deposits. It's possible however, for attackers to sandwich new borrows by frontrunning the borrow with a deposit and backrunning the borrow with a withdrawal, taking a profit in the process. The attacker can use flashloans or simply be well funded in order to deposit enough to have a very high relative percentage of the total dToken supply, giving them an equivalently high percentage of the interest obtained from the borrow. As a result, other users may get only a very small percentage of the expected interest.

## Vulnerability Detail
We can see in `D3VaultFunding.userDeposit` and `D3VaultFunding.userWithdraw` that the amount of token/dToken to receive is based on an exchange rate.

[`D3VaultFunding.userDeposit`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultFunding.sol#L29)
```solidity
uint256 realBalance = IERC20(token).balanceOf(address(this));
uint256 amount = realBalance  - info.balance;
require(ID3UserQuota(_USER_QUOTA_).checkQuota(user, token, amount), Errors.EXCEED_QUOTA);
uint256 exchangeRate = _getExchangeRate(token);
uint256 totalDToken = IDToken(info.dToken).totalSupply();
require(totalDToken.mul(exchangeRate) + amount <= info.maxDepositAmount, Errors.EXCEED_MAX_DEPOSIT_AMOUNT);
uint256 dTokenAmount = amount.div(exchangeRate);
```

[`D3VaultFunding.userWithdraw`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultFunding.sol#L51)
```solidity
amount = dTokenAmount.mul(_getExchangeRate(token));
IDToken(info.dToken).burn(msg.sender, dTokenAmount);
IERC20(token).safeTransfer(to, amount);
```

We can also see that this exchange rate is defined as `exchangeRate = (cash + totalBorrows - reserves) / dTokenSupply`.

[`D3VaultFunding._getExchangeRate`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultFunding.sol#L230)
```solidity
/// @notice exchangeRate = (cash + totalBorrows -reserves) / dTokenSupply
/// @notice Make sure accrueInterests or accrueInterest(token) is called before
function _getExchangeRate(address token) internal view returns (uint256) {
    AssetInfo storage info = assetInfo[token];
    uint256 cash = getCash(token);
    uint256 dTokenSupply = IERC20(info.dToken).totalSupply();
    if (dTokenSupply == 0) { return 1e18; }
    return (cash + info.totalBorrows - (info.totalReserves - info.withdrawnReserves)).div(dTokenSupply);
} 
```

As explained in the summary section, as borrows increase, the exchange rate increases. If a user deposits a significant relative amount of tokens immediately before a large borrow transaction (frontrunning), they will be getting dTokens at a lower exchange rate, then if they withdraw those tokens immediately after the borrow transaction (backrunning), they will be effectively trading their dTokens at a higher exchange rate. 

We can see from the following simple example how the math works: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UxQnqZUGlShIynh7OE-tE80wT5_UW93BTF0mlzAKpxI/edit?usp=sharing

## Impact
As noted in the summary, it's possible for an attacker to perform this with a very large flashloan or simply have sufficient funding available to them in the first place. Depending on the amount of liquidity in the vault, an attacker may be able to consistently execute this with 99%+ of the total liquidity, thereby taking 99%+ of the interest that users would otherwise expect to receive. Although this attack may not immediately seem catastrophic due to only interest being lost, it's important to consider that it would be highly likely to occur on nearly every borrow transaction, leading to a near complete loss of interest for users, thereby removing incentive for users to deposit liquidity, affecting borrowing abilities for market makers. For this reason, I classify this finding as high severity.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
/// @notice exchangeRate = (cash + totalBorrows -reserves) / dTokenSupply
/// @notice Make sure accrueInterests or accrueInterest(token) is called before
function _getExchangeRate(address token) internal view returns (uint256) {
    AssetInfo storage info = assetInfo[token];
    uint256 cash = getCash(token);
    uint256 dTokenSupply = IERC20(info.dToken).totalSupply();
    if (dTokenSupply == 0) { return 1e18; }
    return (cash + info.totalBorrows - (info.totalReserves - info.withdrawnReserves)).div(dTokenSupply);
}
```

## Tool used

- Manual Review

## Recommendation
It's recommended that the exchange rate mechanism use either a delayed or time-weighted average price mechanism to prevent new borrows from immediately affecting the exchange rate significantly.