0xDjango

high

# MEV can steal value due to lack of slippage checks

## Summary
A sandwich attack can steal value from user deposits and withdrawals from the `D3Vault` (`D3VaultFunding.userDeposit()` and `D3VaultFunding.userWithdraw()`).

On both deposit and withdraw, the token value is converted to its equivalent value of `DTokens` based on the token's current exchange rate. The exchange rate calculation is easily manipulated by altering the contract's token balances, allowing for an easy-to-execute exploit.

## Vulnerability Detail
A token's exchange rate is calculated as such:

```solidity
function _getExchangeRate(address token) internal view returns (uint256) {
    AssetInfo storage info = assetInfo[token];
    uint256 cash = getCash(token);
    uint256 dTokenSupply = IERC20(info.dToken).totalSupply();
    if (dTokenSupply == 0) { return 1e18; }
    return (cash + info.totalBorrows - (info.totalReserves - info.withdrawnReserves)).div(dTokenSupply);
} 
```

`getCash()` is simply the contract's token balance variable which is updated on each operation that transfers tokens.

```solidity
function getCash(address token) public view returns (uint256) {
    return assetInfo[token].balance;
}
```

***Example exploit:***
Assume that there has not been any borrowing activity so borrow and reserve variables are all **0**.
- Current dToken supply = **1000**
- assetInfo[A].balance = **250**
- assetInfo[B].balance = **750**

The current exchange rates are:
- ExchangeRateA = (250 + 0 - (0 - 0)) / 1000 = 25%
- ExchangeRateB = (750 + 0 - (0 - 0)) / 1000 = 75%

If a user attempted to burn 500 DTokens in exchange for TokenB, they would expect `500 * 75%` = **375 TokenB**

However, an attacker can frontrun this `userWithdraw()` call and instead mint DTokens by depositing 1000 TokenA. 
The new exchange rates are:
- ExchangeRateA = (1250 + 0 - (0 - 0)) / 2000 = 62.5%
- ExchangeRateB = (750 + 0 - (0 - 0)) / 2000 = 37.5%

The user burning the last 500 DTokens would receive `500 * 37.5%` = **187.5 TokenB**

The attacker can now withdraw all tokens by burning their DTokens.

**Note:** The proportion of funds that can be stolen a directly correlated to how many DTokens the attacker mints.

## Impact
- Theft of tokens due to lack of minAmountOut parameters.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultFunding.sol#L56-L59

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add minAmountOut params to avoid against front-running.