shogoki

high

# Possible loss of Funds - Liquidation transfers may silently fail

## Summary

Transfers at Liquidation may silently fail, causing collateral be paid out withoud debt being paid, or liquidator not getting collateral.

## Vulnerability Detail

in [D3VaultLiquidation.sol:liquidate](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultLiquidation.sol#L30-L61) the caller pays the outstanding debt, and received the collateral tokens with a discount in exchange.
However, the transfer of the tokens to pay the debt, as well as the transfer of the collateral Tokens are using the `transferFrom` function of the ERC20 interface instead of `safeTransferFrom`  (which is used in other functions). 
Moreover, the return value of this function is not checked. As not all ERC20 tokens revert on a failed transfer, this could lead to a silent failure of a transfer. As the function will go on in this case this could lead to the liquidation to finish with either:
- The debt not being paid, but the collateral still paid to the caller --> Loss of protocol funds!
- The debt being repaid by the caller, but the collateral is not transferred --> Loss of user funds!


## Impact

Possible loss of user or protocol funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultLiquidation.sol#L55


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultLiquidation.sol#L59

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Usage of `safeTransferFrom` as in other functions of the same contract is recommended.
