shealtielanz

medium

# Use of Unsafe ERC20 Operations

## Summary
The standard ERC20 `transfer` and `transferfrom` function doesn't return a boolean value for some tokens and even though it returns a boolean value, that value is always true. If the transfer fails the contract reverts the call causing it to fail silently, therefore, non-reverting calls are assumed to be successful and neither does it check if the token is a contract or not, which can cause user funds to be locked in some other contracts as it did in [BNB liquidity pool in Uniswap 91](https://twitter.com/UniswapExchange/status/1072286773554876416).
## Vulnerability Detail
> Functions like this, might fail silently.

Some tokens (like USDT) don't correctly implement the `ERC20` standard and their `transfer/transferFrom` function return void instead of a successful boolean. Calling these functions with the correct `ERC20` function signatures will always revert

The bug arises due to the `token.transfer(...)` syntax used in the multiple functions of the contracts in the protocol. 
> Typical Example  in the codebase.
```solidity 
        IERC20(debt).transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), debtToCover);
``` 
## Impact
Function like this can be made to fail silently and used to exploit the contract where the contract doesn't know if the token was actually sent to it or not, but continues with the operation. 
## Code Snippet
**Instances in the Protocol**
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/periphery/D3Proxy.sol#L217C1-L217C47
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/periphery/D3MMLiquidationRouter.sol#L31C1-L31C100
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultLiquidation.sol#L55C1-L55C75
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultLiquidation.sol#L59C1-L59C77
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/D3Vault/D3VaultLiquidation.sol#L145C1-L145C67
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
**Use SafeERC20 Wrappers around ERC20 operations that throw on failure (when the token contract returns false). Tokens that return no value (and instead revert or throw on failure) are also supported, non-reverting calls are assumed to be successful. To use this library you can add a using `SafeERC20 for IERC20;` statement to your contract, which allows you to call the safe operations as `token.safeTransfer(…)`, etc.**
`safeTransfer(token, to, value)`

> Use Open Zeppelin SafeERC20 Wrapper around the `transfer` and `transferfrom` functions to check if the token contract has a code or not.

```solidity 
IERC20(token).safetransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), amount);
```