shogoki

high

# Loss of funds - anybody can withdraw ETH/WETH from D3Proxy

## Summary

In D3Proxy there are 2 functions, that are openly callable and will transfer all the balance of ETH or WETH to the caller. 

## Vulnerability Detail

In D3Proxy.sol there are 2 functions `refundETH` and `withdrawETH`, which are external and callable by anybody.
The first one, `refundETH`, will straght transfer all the balance inside the contract to the caller.
The second one calls the internal function `_withdrawWETH`, which will withdraw all WETH the contract holds and transfers the resulting ETH to the caller, at the end.

This allows an attacker to call these functions, whenver there is a balance inside the contract.
Even if the contract would usually not be intended to hold funds, it seems like there is an expected situation where a user should call `refundETH` to get back some ETH. If this would be a case an attacker can frontrun the call to this function and steal the users ETH.

## Impact

- Attacker can steal all funds inside the contract. 
- Attacker can frontrun Refund Transaction, to get the users ETH

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/periphery/D3Proxy.sol#L188-L193

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/periphery/D3Proxy.sol#L198-L203

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/periphery/D3Proxy.sol#L227-L230

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dodo/blob/main/new-dodo-v3/contracts/DODOV3MM/periphery/D3Proxy.sol#L236-L239

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Do not allow anybody to call these functions. 
If a user need´s to get a refund from buytokens, it should be calculated and directly transferred to him at the end of the function.
If this is however not possible, the outstanding refund should be stored somewehere to ensure only the user can claim it.

